Did you hear that? They've shut down the main reactor. We'll be destroyed for sure. This is madness! We're doomed! There'll be no escape for the Princess this time. What's that? Artoo! Artoo-Detoo, where are you? At last! Where have you been? They're heading in this direction.

Get clear, Wedge. You can't do any more good back there! Sorry! Let him go! Stay on the leader! Hurry, Luke, they're coming in much faster this time. I can't hold them! Artoo, try and increase the power! Hurry up, Luke! Wait! I'm on the leader. Hang on, Artoo! Use the Force, Luke.

It's late, I'm in for it as it is. I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing.

Yes, sir. How did I get into this mess? I really don't know how. We seem to be made to suffer. It's our lot in life.

It belongs to us now. But what if this Obi-Wan comes looking for him? He won't, I don't think he exists any more. He died about the same time as your father. He knew my father? I told you to forget it.

Our passengers must be hotter than I thought. Try and hold them off. Angle the deflector shield while I make the calculations for the jump to light speed. Stay sharp! There are two more coming in, they're going to try to cut us off. Why don't you outrun them? I thought you said this thing was fast. Watch your mouth, kid, or you're going to find yourself floating home.

I have no need for a protocol droid. Sir -- not in an environment such as this -- that's why I've also been programmed for over thirty secondary functions that. What I really need is a droid that understands the binary language of moisture vaporators. Vaporators! Sir -- My first job was programming binary load lifter...very similar to your vaporators.

How are you? We're sending a squad up. Uh, uh, negative. We had a reactor leak here now. Give us a few minutes to lock it down.

Why are we still moving towards it? We're caught in a tractor beam! It's pulling us in! But there's gotta be something you can do! There's nothin' I can do about it, kid. I'm in full power. I'm going to have to shut down. But they're not going to get me without a fight! You can't win. But there are alternatives to fighting. To your stations! Come with me. Close all outboard shields! Close all outboard shields! Yes.

That's impossible, even for a computer. It's not impossible. I used to bull's-eye womp rats in my T-sixteen back home. They're not much bigger than two meters.

We'll have no more of this Obi-Wan Kenobi jibberish...and don't talk to me about your mission, either. You're fortunate he doesn't blast you into a million pieces right here. What's wrong with him now? Oh my...sir, he says there are several creatures approaching from the southeast. Sandpeople! Or worst! Come on, let's have a look.

Look! Come on, Artoo, we're going! Now's our chance! Go! No! Come on! Come on! Luke, its too late! Blast the door! Kid! Run, Luke! Run! I hope the old man got that tractor beam out if commission, or this is going to be a real short trip. Okay, hit it! We're coming up on the sentry ships. Hold 'em off! Angle the deflector shields while I charge up the main guns! I can't believe he's gone. There wasn't anything you could have done.

Fear will keep the local systems in line. Fear of this battle station. And what of the Rebellion? If the Rebels have obtained a complete technical readout of this station, it is possible, however unlikely, that they might find a weakness and exploit it. The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. Any attack made by the Rebels against this station would be a useless gesture, no matter what technical data they've obtained.

